hi there and thanks for checking out my
quick review for the specific hgtv model
now this video is going to be short it's
straight to the point first I'm gonna
talk about the good things about this TV
then about the bad things I've found and
finally I'll tell you how you can decide
if this is a good TV for you or not
undoubtedly yes how to undoubtedly know
if this TV is worth the money or not but
more in that coming in a minute let's
start with the review first good things
with four times the resolution of Full
HD 1080p this LG 55 UB 8500 Ultra HD 4k
television delivers an amazing level of
clarity and vivid colors
LG's exclusive IPS in-plane switching
panel technology provides an expansive
viewing range and virtually blur free
images from every vantage point Plus
LG's true 4k engine pro enhances your
favorite entertainment to near ultra HD
quality in fact it's almost impossible
to tell the difference also LG's
built-in HEV C decoder optimally
translates compressed Ultra HD 4k
content so the picture is vividly clear
this UHD TV with a u CI of 1200 provides
an exceptionally clear and precise image
even on demanding fast action such as
sports and video games bad things
sometimes the basic Wireless reception
degrades whenever the set is turned off
and back on you have to go to setup
release and re-establish the wireless
link to bring back the speed there is no
flash support so most websites don't
work or only partially work the remote
is a point-and-shoot type and takes a
while getting used to it the manual
selector not using the remote is
difficult to use so that's what I found
about this TV model now how can you
undoubtedly know if this is a good or
bad TV the answer is simple you need to
read what people are saying about it
but not any people buyers yes buyer
reviews are the ones you should be
looking for nobody knows better the
quality of this TV then someone who
actually bought it and used it I mean I
just gave you a bit of information
there's more to see about this product
but don't worry I got you covered
here's a short link where you're going
to find authentic buyer reviews these
are not pretty or only 5 stars opinions
these are honest
and unbiased reviews about this product
it doesn't get any better than that
just type it as it is into your browser
be our 4 P stands for buyer reviews for
product the original link was too long
so I decided to shorten it for you in
this way type it as it is and it would
take you to these impartial buyer
reviews for this very specific hgtv
thank you for watching this short video
see you in that page